terraform_data store block (#2118)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.16.x (beta)/docs/language/resources/terraform-data.mdx

- `triggers_replace`: (Optional) Specifies a value to store in the instance state. Terraform replaces the resource when the value changes.

- `store`: The `store` block has 4 possible arguments, `input`, `replace`, `sensitive`,  and `version`.
 - `input`: (Optional, write-only) This argument can accept any type, and is write-only hence can also accept ephemeral values. The value supplied here during apply will be copied to either of the `store` block's `output` or `sensitive_output` attributes and stored in the resource's state.
 - `replace`: (Optional) If `replace` is `true`, any change in a `store` block output value will trigger a replacement of the resource rather than an update.
 - `sensitive`: (Optional) If `sensitive` is set to `true`, the `input` value will be stored in `sensitive_output`.

>  - `version`: (Optional) If version is set, changes to the `input` value won't be reflected in `output` unless there is also a change to the `version` argument.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- `store`: The `store` argument is block that can contain one the following optional arguments:
    - `input`: Write-only argument that can accept any type, including ephemeral values. Terraform copies values to either of the `store` block's `output` or `sensitive_output` attributes. Terraform also stores the value in the resource's state.
    - `replace`: Accepts a Boolean value. When set to `true`, Terraform replaces the resource on any change in a `store` block output value.
    - `sensitive`:  Accepts a Boolean value. When set to `true`, Terraform stores the [`input` value](#input) in `sensitive_output`. 
    - `version`: Accepts a string value. When set, changes to the [`input` value](#input) aren't reflected in [`output`](#output) unless the `version` argument also changes.
````
Right? These are arguments are 

store { 
  input = "<value>" 
  replace = bool
  sensitive = bool
  version = "<version constraint?>"
}

In this flat list format, it's hard to tell which argument we are talking about. Are there any defaults?

We should probably update these pages to the structured reference format we use for other language constructs.

Author: `version` is not a version constraint, just an arbitrary string to correspond to the generation of the `input` value. A change in `version` is used to indicate a logical change in `input`, but the value itself has no semantic meaning. 

This section is relevant only within the `store` block. If you feel that the more structured format is better, then we can change it over -- I did it this way since it felt small and fairly self-contained.

## Attributes

The `terraform_data` resource exports the following attributes:

- `id`: A string value unique to the resource instance.
- `output`: The computed value derived from the `input` argument. In plans where `output` is unknown, Terraform returns the same type of value used in the `input` argument.

> - `store`: The `store` block has 2 possible outputs, `output` or `sensitive_output`.
>   - `output`, `sensitive_output`: These attribute are mutually exclusive and set depending on the value of the `sensitive` `store` argument. They work like the top level `output` attribute, and capture their value from the `store` block `input` argumnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `store`: The `store` attribute is a block that can contain one of the following outputs:
    - `output`: When the [`sensitive` argument](#sensitive) is set to `false`, Terraform copies the value of the [`input` argument](#input) to this attribute. 
    - `sensitive_output`: When the [`sensitive` argument](#sensitive) is set to `true`, Terraform copies the value of the [`input` argument](#input) to this attribute.
```
We'll need to test the rendered links to make sure they're pointing to the correct arguments. When multiple anchors with the same name appear on a page, the platform adds a `-N` to the link, but I think the first instance is the one we want to link to. 

You would normally [spell out numbers 0-9](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/blob/main/docs/style-guide/numbers-dates-time/words-as-numbers.md#spell-out-numbers-zero-through-nine), but it's more scalable to not even state the number of items because it might change in the future.

}
```

> Here we capture the result of the ephemeral password value during the initial apply, and store it in the state of terraform_data.test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, Terraform captures the result of the ephemeral password value during the initial apply operation and stores it in the `terraform_data.test` resource's state.
```
Per the [style guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/blob/main/docs/style-guide/general/point-of-view.md#use-the-inclusive-we-when-speaking-on-behalf-of-hashicorp)
